***All scripts in this repo are provided under the MIT license. If you use them, you MUST include a copy of the license (see the LICENSE file) and copyright notice. For students, that means don't copy without citing the source you got it from, and don't present it as your original work.***

# RandomNums2File
RandomNums2File generates random numbers and writes them to individual lines in a text file.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
How to use this Python script
----------------------------

There are two variables in the script that need to be changed to specified values to make it work.

**X** = The number of lines you want to generate

**Y** = The maximum number of digits that should be in each generated number

You can also change the name of the file it generates, but if you don't, you'll get an output file named FILENAME_HERE.txt

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

# IMDB_Num_Processor
IMDB_Num_Processor was designed to work with files like the one generated by RandomNums2File. It loads the whole file into primary memory, provides you with a place to specify whatever operations you want to do on your data, and then writes the results to a separate output file.

------------------------------------
How to use this Python script
----------------------------

This is not a complete script. You need to add your own code to make it work.

Hopefully, the spot where you're supposed to add your own code is obvious, but just in case: Replace the text "DO WHATEVER YOU'RE GOING TO DO WITH YOUR DATA HERE" with your code.

You can also change the name of the file it generates, but if you don't, you'll get an output file named newfile2.txt

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
